Change me back
What are you doing? Pack up and take me shopping for clothes.
Buy it for me, actually buy it for me.
Look at your clothes stink
No, it smells good
I told you to clean up
What a lot of nonsense
Manager Su, I am Secretary Su
I'll go to your store later.
Take out all the most upscale clothing in your store
For ladies
Don't ask what you shouldn't ask
You listen to me
a while
Mr. Fan's secretary wants to accompany Mr. Fan to pick out clothes
We can't afford to offend this customer.
You must serve me, understand?
Got it, manager.
Mr. Fan's fiancee chooses clothes
Why didn't he come by himself?
I need a secretary to accompany me
You shouldn't ask, don't ask
Don't be angry, Chu Chu
I'll compensate you, not pick two clothes to go home later.
It's not the money that was corrupted at Fan Dasan's place
Don't sound so bad
I didn't spend this money for you yet.
Count you sensible
Hey, don't touch it if you don't buy it.
Why are the clothes in your store not allowed to be touched?
Help me get this one out. I'm gonna try it on.
We are a high-end store here.
It's all high-end luxury goods
Expensive
And we only accept VIP customers.
You mean I can't afford it?
With a poor man like you who is full of goods
I also wear such high-end goods.
I'm afraid even a sleeve is too expensive.